Predatory/exploitative business practices regarding MobileTrans and most likely other software from your company such as:
	1. The placement of wondershare at the top of search results on mobile transfers in an attempt to grab as much business as possible, presented in the form of forum posts on your site. 
2. Omission of any requirement to pay for necessary features for just about everyone who would be using this app until the last step before transfer, aside from a purchase button which is likely to be overlooked, where users are likely to get frustrated and settle on paying for the software license anyways.  
3. The software once downloaded without a license comes in a trial version. Nowhere in the process leading to the download, either on the official MobileTrans page or one of their advertisement "how to" pages (example: https://mobiletrans.wondershare.com/motorola/transfer-data-from-samsung-to-motorola.html), is there any mention the software comes as a trial or needs a paid subscription for key functionality. In the MobileTrans specific segment on the page linked above, the process where one would run into the prompt to subscribe is described as follows without mention of payment or subscription: "Pick the contents you wish to transfer from Samsung to Motorola. Leave the contents if they are unimportant. Click on Start Transfer to all the data as you can see in the picture above. It will transfer contacts from Samsung to Motorola too. It will require a few minutes to get over. After the data transfer finishes, the application will show a message ‘Your Samsung transfer is complete’." No mention whatsoever, even when describing the process of transfer where that pop up appears.
4. The splitting of subscription services into 3 separate overpriced functionalities, with the option to bundle being conveniently off the app, meaning in app prompts won't give you the option to buy the best deal. Speaking of, bundling 3 $30 subscriptions for functionalities of the app into one $40 one is not a deal. It is an attempt to profit from the little information you give your new customers about your product and to take advantage of a common marketing method of making something flashy, so people won't notice the rest of what's being displayed. I.e. the subscription popup when attempting to use the trial software. 
5. The personal license options for Mobile Trans last either one year or perpetually, which is hidden under a dropdown. This model basically encourages people overpaying for software that they are likely only going to use less than 3 times ever within the length of the license unless they're getting a new phone every 4 months, which is not feasible for the average consumer using this software. 
6. Giving me "offers" in the cancel process in an attempt to stop users from leaving your economy, who likely are cancelling for good reasons. These subtle methods give even more of a picture of how your company attempts to grab and maintain business by any means, even if that business is being lost by the practices of your company.
7. Omission of links to Trustpilot for verification of your rating as well as the blatant misrepresentation of your rating on your site. Your site displays a Trustpilot score of 4.6. Checking in on MobileTrans's page on the site (located here, in case you forgot: https://www.trustpilot.com/review/mobiletrans.wondershare.com) the site reads 3.4 This is a massive and unacceptable misrepresentation of critical data. This fact alone makes me seriously consider legal action against your company for the blatant and repeated misleading and misrepresentation of data and information relating to your product.
8. Limiting each license to a specific number of mobile devices. As mentioned before in point 4, the average consumer would likely never transfer more than 3 phone in the timespan of the license. However, even if the user had a need that fit your $30-$40 price point for a 1-year subscription, YOU LIMIT THEIR ABILITY TO DO SO, REGARDLESS OF THEM ALREADY PAYING AN UNDESERVED PREMIUM TO USE THE SOFTWARE. 
9. Much, much more that I will not get into as the amount of these infractions is worthy of a lawsuit and it is a waste to list them all outside of that environment. What I have provided should be enough proof, even if it will likely be denied. 

In conclusion, your company is evil with the intent to profit off of people's oversights and misinterpretations as a direct result of omitting critical information needed for the consumer to make an informed and sound decision. If you wish to go back and fix/edit any of the points I made, that would be amazing. It would prove you show some care about your customer base and are dedicated to improving their experience and not using exploitative tactics to generate that customer base. However, if you decide to do any of this with then intention of disproving me by editing and claiming that information was present before this review, I regret to inform you that I've already archived every related webpage to my complaint as it stands at the time of writing this, which currently reflects what I am communicating. I hope whoever reads this has the power to re-evaluate these practices or bring this to the attention of someone who can. If you wish to contact me, feel free to do so with the email associated with this account. I will not, however, deal with these communications if there is no attempt to resolve anything that has been said here. That being said, best hopes your company will correct these errors and change for the better. 


